Add image support to Pillar component (#862)
primer/brand: apps/docs/content/components/Pillar/index.mdx

## Usage

Use pillars to group similar features or benefits together to easily scan and read. Pillars display content in a familiar and recognizable style.
Use pillars to display a collection of features or benefits, making them easier to scan and read. Pillars present content in a familiar and recognizable style.

### Stacked

> Pillars should be stacked to display a list of items that are related to each other. Use consistent pillar sizes within a row or group. A group or a row of content pillars is more visually appealing when the widths and heights of all elements match, so keep the content lenght of each pillar consistent.

Reviewer: 🙈 thanks for tidying up those typo's.. wondering if we should enable a CI spell checker

Author: That would be neat!

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/912236/cd9679ab-cfa0-4c6d-8a55-21d16668f1ca" />
    <Caption>

>       Use similar content lengths to achieve a visually balanced layout.

Reviewer: Nit... 'content lengths' feels a bit abstract. Could we call it character count to make it more obvious?

```suggestion
      Use similar character counts to achieve a visually balanced layout.
```

    </Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/912236/cd6e471f-98cf-4c70-801f-c0aeb4d2bdf5" />
    <Caption>
      Avoid varying content lengths for the title and description.
    </Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

> Use pillars with images only for groups of a maximum of three to six items. Avoid stacking multiple sections that each contain groups of six pillars.

Reviewer: Recommend drawing more attention to this by wrapping in a warning Note. I think it's a little lost right now. Could also benefit from a visual do/dont example if you can do it.

```suggestion
<Note variant="warning">
Use pillars with images only for groups of a maximum of three to six items. Avoid stacking multiple sections that each contain groups of six pillars.
</Note>
```

#### Group size

> Cards should be used in small groups of three to five items, while Pillars can accommodate larger groups of up to six items. The more items in a group, the less distinctive each individual element becomes.

Reviewer: I thought the six Pillar limit was only for Pillars with images? AFAIK we should still be able to do up to 9 without  (3x3 grid on desktop).

Author: You're right, good catch!
